PoolChlor
Salt Water Chlorinators

Salt Water Chlorination is now well established as an effective method of swimming pool sanitisation. Chlorinators work on the electrolysis
process whereby salt in the water is separated into its basic elements which releases chlorine gas into the water. Benefits include;
• Improved water quality; Due to the consistent chlorine dosage and lack of residue, water quality is much better than that achieved by
using conventional dry chlorine compounds.
• Simple Operation; Once installed there is nothing to do - simply switch on and forget about pool chlorination.
• Free Chlorine; No more chlorine bills - the unit will pay for itself in about a year.
• Improved swimming pleasure; Saltwater chlorinated water puts an end to sore, red eyes and smelly, itchy skin.
Dayliff PoolChlor is a high performance, high specification unit that includes the controller, a separate long life electrolysis cell and a flow
sensor. The cell is connected on the pool return line in series with the pool pump for tandem operation. Features include;
• Digital display and LED indicators
• Self-cleaning cell
• Adjustable chlorine output
• No flow detection and shutdown
• High and low salt indication
• Salinity level indication
• Water temperature indication
Dayliff PoolChlor is a highly effective and efficient pool chlorinator that once fitted will give many years of consistent pool pleasure.
OPERATION
For effective PoolChlor operation the pool water should have salt added to a concentration of approximately 4000ppm, a typical 100m3
pool requiring 400kgs. For general use pools should be dosed with chlorine at 3gms/m3/day and at the PoolChlor output of 30 gms/hr this
will be achieved in 10 hrs operation. Dosage for pools of different sizes should be pro-rated accordingly.
For optimal water quality a variable speed pool pump is suggested that can be set to work continuously at low speed and reduced chlorine
levels. When operating a Chlorinator it is very important that pH is regularly monitored and controlled and also if the water becomes
exceptionally dirty additional manual chlorination may be necessary to temporarily boost chlorine levels.

EQUIPMENT SPECIFICATION
Model

Power(W)

Poolchlor30

180

Poolchlor50

240

Chlorine
Production(g/hr)

INSTALLATION LAYOUT
Pool Volume
(m3)

Weight
(kg)

115

9

30
50

150

CONTROL
MODULE

110/220VDC
POWER
POOL TIMER
OR
SOURCE

HEATER/
SOLAR

CONTROLS

FILTER

9
PRE-FILTER

14

FLOW
SWITCH

22

CELL

35

PUMP
FROM
POOL

FROM
SPA

POOL
RETURN

SPA
RETURN

