Water
Treatment
Chemicals

TED
A
D
UP

Chemical

Pack Size

Description

Chlorine 65

67mg tablets
1, 5, 20
& 45kg

Granular Calcium Hypochlorite (Ca(ClO)2 - 65% available Chlorine) is the most common compound
for water disinfection. It is effective against bacteria, viruses, yeast, fungi, mycobacteria and spores.
Other sizes available on order

H2O Guard
Bleach
Hypoconc

1 Litre
5 Litres
20 Litres

Sodium Hypochlorite (NaCIO) or Liquid Chlorine is used for surface and water disinfection, bleaching
and odour removal. It is also used to activate and regenerate DMI 65 (Iron and Manganese removal
media). H2O Guard is 1.5% concetration, Bleach is 3-5% concentration, Hypoconc is10-12%
concentration

pH Minus & pH Plus

5 & 20kg

For pH adjustment, (HCL & Na2CO3) the product selected being determined by water condition.

Flocculant

5, 20 &
50kg

Hydrated Aluminium Sulfate (AL2(SO4)3 - Alum) for coagulating turbid water and to increase filtration
efficiency.

Polyaluminium
Chloride (PAC)

25kg

PAC is widely used in both potable water and wastewater treatment to clear suspended particles and to
increase filtration efficiency due to its high coagulation efficiency. It is also used to regenerate Indion RSF (Fluoride Removal Media).

Sodium
Metabisulphite
(SMBS)

25kg

SMBS (Na2S2O5) is widely used for preservation of Reverse Osmosis and Ultrafiltration membranes. It is
also used for dichlorination, the removal of chlorine from the raw water before passing through Reverse
Osmosis Membrane.

20 Litres &
25kg

Caustic Soda (NaOH - Sodium Hydroxide) is widely used to increase the pH of cleaning water during CIP
(Clean In Place) and as a regenerant for Anion exchange resin, Amberlite IRA402 Cl, and for grease
trap and drain cleaner.

PH Booster

50kg

Pool Salt (NaCI) for use as the regenerant for softening resin.

Spectraguard

5,20kg

A broad spectrum liquid antiscalant for use in Reverse Osmosis and Nano-Filtration systems. It is a
phosphate free formualtion that is effective at preventing scale and membrane protection. Dayliff
Genesys antiscalant should be dosed continuously to the feed water upstream of the cartridge filters.
Typical dosage rates are 2-5mg/l.

Battery Water,

1 Litre,

Industrial Salt

De-ionized Water

Citric Acid

Descalant

5 & 20 Litres

De-ionised water is pure water that has all ions removed, with Conductivity<10us/cm. It has various
applications including diluting laboratory samples, manufacturing applications and top up for lead
acid batteries.

25kg

A weak organic acid (C6H8O7) widely used as a descaling product in steam generators/boilers and
evaporators. It is also used as a low pH adjuster in water treatment; a flavouring agent and preservative
in the food and beverage industry; antioxidant in pharmaceutical and cosmetic industries and also in
detergent manufacturing.

5,20kg

Inhibited Hydrochloric acid used to remove limescale from metal surfaces in contact with hot water, such
as in boilers, water heaters, heat exchangers and kettles. The inhibitor buffers the corrosive effect of the
acid on various metals. The speed of the descaling action depends on the concentration and acidity, or
pH of the solution prepared.

