KLORMAN INLINE

Klorman is a simple in-line point of use disinfection system that utilizes a
compacted calcium hypochlorite chlorine cartridge which releases active
chlorine sanitizer into the water flow. Simple adjustment is provided by varying
the projection of the cartridge into the water stream to accommodate different
flow rates as well as adjustment of water flow and pressure through the unit.
Dosage levels vary with site conditions and treatment water chlorine demand,
though sufficient dosage is available to ensure adequate water disinfection.
The unit is economical to buy, simple to install, extremely reliable and totally
effective and presents the ideal solution for continuous disinfection of
household, community, agricultural, sewage and commercial water supplies
where constant treatment is required in applications without external power or
experienced operators.
Dosage capacity: 500m3 at 1ppm with no chlorine demand. Capacity varies
with flow and installation conditions
Max flow rate: 16m3/hr
Max Operating Pressure: 0.5 to 6 bar (higher pressures are possible in the
absence of surge/water hammer)

KLORMAN 2000
See through refill
cylinders for easy
observation

Inlet
To reservoir/
re-pressurization
point

Contact chamber inlet jet
strips layers of chemical off
only the lower most tablets/
chips while remaining
chemical remains dry. Water
level instantly drops below the
contact chamber when flow
stops allowing refill tubes to drain

Mixing Unit
with Balance
Tank

Balance tank

Float valve applies
back pressure to activate
the control valve when full

Klorman 2000 is a large capacity disinfection system that works on the simple
Klorman principal of releasing active chlorine sanitizer into the passing water
flow. Chlorine cartridges in either solid or chip form are suspended in a reservoir
through which the untreated water flows in the process being dosed with
dissolved chlorine. The units should be connected either inline or a bypass
directly before the storage tanks and dosage stops with water flow preventing
over-chlorination.
Dosage Capacity:22 kg of full refill tablets will dose 16000m3 at 1ppm
Maximum Flow Rate through the contact Chamber: 5m3/hr.
Minimum Flow Rate through the contact chamber: 0.6m3/hr.
Chlorine Dosage: 50-350ppm depending on flow rate.
Maximum inlet Pressure: 3 bar

