Industrial
Process Pumps
Flowserve is a leading manufacturer and a global provider of flow control products and services, including pumps, valves, seals, automation and
aftermarket services supporting global infrastructure industries. The company serves a wide range of industries, such as oil and gas, chemical, power
generation, and water management, offering innovative solutions designed to enhance operational efficiency and reliability. With a strong
commitment to engineering excellence and sustainability, Flowserve leverages advanced technologies and a global network to deliver high-quality,
custom-engineered solutions that meet the diverse industrial and chemical pump requirements.
DURCO MARK

Chemical process pumps for corrosive applications in chemical, petrochemical, hydrocarbon and
pharmaceuticals processing providing unmatched efficiency reliability, outstanding hydraulic
performance and increased pump availability. Salient features,
• Extended mechanical seal and bearing life through robust shaft and bearing designs that also
minimize shaft deflection
• Increased reliability and mechanical seal life due to the ideal seal environment created by the
SealSentry™ seal chamber
• Simplified maintenance with two-piece power end featuring self-contained bearing housing and
external impeller adjustment mechanism
• Optimal, predictable seal chamber pressure that is established after every impeller setting
SPECIFICATIONS
Flow up to: 4540 m3/hr
Pressure up to: 25 bar

INNOMAG

Compliant thrust-balanced, fluoropolymer-lined, magnetic drive pumps for chemical processing, metals
and other industries seeking outstanding leak protection and reliability. Salient features,
• Efficient performance achieved by means of a dynamic thrust balancing system that eliminates the
need for thrust bearings
• Application versatility due to ability to handle solids to 30% by volume
• Expedited, lower-cost maintenance due to standard and contained back pullout, allowing the
casing to stay in-line and piping connections to remain intact
• Longer service life resulting from to EFTE or silicon carbide back wear rings that restrict solids
larger than 0.127 mm from entering the containment shell and double sealed inner magnetic
assembly to protect against corrosive permeation
• Regulatory compliance resulting from outstanding leak protection and the CE mark, making it
compliant to ATEX directive
SPECIFICATIONS
Max. Flow: 360 m3/hr
Max. Pressure: 25 bar

SIHI

Max. Head: 153 m
Temperature: -290C to 1210C

Modular process pumps with hydraulics, closed impellers, and magnetic couplings for bare shaft (CBM)
or close coupled (CBE) configurations. Specially made meeting ISO 5199, ISO 15783 and ISO 2858
requirements. Engineered for applications in chemical, petrochemical and pharmaceuticals processing
with flows beyond the range defined by ISO 2858 Salient features,
• Increased reliability enabled by constant cooling and lubrication flow, protected samarium cobalt
magnets and containment shell
• Reduced spare parts costs derived from interchangeability of the back pullout assemblies
• Improved reliability and reduced installation cost thanks to low net positive suction head (NPSH)
value
• Broad application diversity made possible by CBE heat barrier option for temperatures up to
4000C
SPECIFICATIONS
Max. Flow: 2200 m3/hr
Max.Pressure: 25 bar

VACUUM

Head up to: 220 m
Temperature: -730C to 4000C

Max. Head: 160 m
Temp: -200C to 3000C

Vacuum pumps for handling and exhausting dry and humid gases, compression of condensable vapors
and gases using the liquid ring principle to ensure maximum safety when compressing hazardous
mixtures. Single and multistage designs available
• Reliable and low maintenance cost enhanced by the standard O-ring sealing and oil-free design
with no lubrication in the chamber
• Longer service life due to minimized wear of non-contacting parts and incorporation of dirt and
central drains
• Versatile and broad application including use as a compressor with little or no modification
• Flexibility in process applications and able to function at inlet pressures lower or higher than
atmospheric pressure
SPECIFICATIONS
Max. Suction: 12 000 m3/hr

Suction Pressure: 0.33 to 10.13m

