Water Proofing
Products

Agent

Application

Brush Bond
TGP

Crystalline
Waterproofing

Packaging
20kg
Nitocote
CM -210
Packaging
23kg
Conplast
WP 90
Packaging
1kg
Conplast
WP 200
Packaging
10litres
Renderoc
Plug
Packaging
5 & 10kg
Waterbar
Packaging
150mmx20m
200mmx15m
Nitobond
SBR
Packaging
5 litres
Nitotile
Adhesive
Packaging
25kg
Nitotile Grout
Packaging
12kg

Protective
Coating

Description
Cementitious crystalline chemical which is easy to prepare on site by just adding clean potable water,
stirring to form a slurry coat and then applying with soft brush, broom or plaster spray. It penetrates
concrete and seals capillary tracts and hairline cracks providing a waterproofed barrier. It is suitable
for repairing water damaged structures or in water-proofing precast concrete, swimming pools,
water tanks, dam-proofing and other concrete water retaining structures.
Two-component polymer modified cementitious coating for masonry structures. It is designed to be
easily mixed on site and then applied to the substrate using brush, trowel or spray which then cures to
form an elastomeric impermeable membrane. It is suitable for use in water-proofing masonry walls
such as swimming pools, water tanks, dam-proofing and other masonry water retaining structures.

Water
Proofing
Admixtures
(powder)

A powder waterproofing admixture used in concrete or mortar mixes to fill natural pores within the
mix to reduce porosity and improving water tightness. Its application is in swimming pools, screeds
and other water retaining structures to reduce permeability of concrete and sand/cement mortar.

Water
Proofing
Admixtures
(liquid)

Liquid based permeability reducing admixture, commonly mixed during casting to fill natural pores
within the concrete. It can also be added to the cement sand mortar during plastering to reduce
permeability of the mortar to make it watertight. It is suitable for use in batching plants or mass
concrete works for large projects.

Instant Leak
Repair Mortar

A rapid setting cement-based, water-stopping mortar for temporary patching and plugging on
concrete segments and free flowing water. It is ideal to use to quickly stop gushing water with low
hydrostatic pressure. To use simply take a handful of water stop cement, press hard on the point
where water is coming from for a few seconds until the flowing stops.

PVC
Water
Bar

Flexible Plastic strip which provides a physical barrier to water at concrete joints, mostly in
basements, water retaining structures like water tanks, swimming pools, structural foundations and
other below ground level constructions. Fosroc Waterfoil is extruded from a high grade PVC
compound which has been formulated to give excellent flexibility and longevity characteristics.

Concrete
Bonding
Agent

Water resistant polymer additive to provide good adhesion to concrete. Used for improving and
bonding concrete repair mortars, cementation of floor toppings and screeds with PVC fittings.

Adhesive
Agent
(Powder)

Grout filer
(Powder)

A high quality adhesive for permanent fixing of tiles in damp and totally submerged conditions. Its
applicable in swimming pools, fountains, bathroom floors and splash zones. It can be applied
directly on concrete, cement screeds and cement or lime mortar by easily adding 6-7lts of water to
the pail.
Three- component solvent free epoxy resin-based grout for filling quarries and ceramic tile joints. It
consists of a white base, a black hardener and specially selected fine fillers. They are applicable
where chemical and abrasion resistance properties are required e.g. Swimming pools, hospitals,
food processing plants, kitchen etc. It is mixed with water to form grout and is easily applied using a
rubber trowel or hand operated gun.

