TED
A
D
UP

Controllers

Hunter's range of Controllers are high quality proven and tested designs that offer simple to advanced automatic watering with an
abundance of user-friendly features. They are designed to efficiently manage and monitor irrigation by minimising wastage and
adjusting operation with weather changes to ensure optimum use and conservation of water. Hydrawise intelligence is built into
selected controllers to provide remote management of the irrigation system via a smart device or web browser. Features of Hydrawise
include predictive watering adjusting schedules based on forecast temperature, rainfall probability, wind and humidity to provide
maximum water savings while keeping landscapes healthy and beautiful. Optional flow meters may be installed to provide automatic
notifications in case of leaking pipes or sprinklers.
Hunter X2 Controllers The X2 is a simple controller capable of managing 4,6,8 &14stations including the master valve for

pump control. It has optional connection to bluetooth and Wi-Fi that is compatible with the Hydrawise
software for online irrigation management with controller status and faulty wiring alerts.
Basic controller program consists of 3 flexible options, each with 4 start times and a maximum of 6 hour
run times. The inbuilt QuickCheck technology provides simple diagnostic of faulty field wiring and skips
the station without system damage in case of a short-circuit. The program allows for suspension of
irrigation for up to 99 days during off-season.
Other salient features include: easy retrieve memory back-ups to the full irrigation schedule, delay
between slow-closing valves and seasonal adjustment without changing run times.
Transformer Input/Output: 230VAC, 24VAC, 1A
Station Output: 24VAC, 0.56A
Pump/Master Valve: 24VAC, 0.28A
Sensor inputs: 1
Compatible Sensors: Mini-Clik, Hydrawise Software, Flow-Clik, Soil-Clik, Wind-Clik, mini weather
station.
Hunter Soil Clik

Hunter Soil Clik is a moisture sensor that shuts down irrigation when desired moisture level is attained.
The probe is installed approximately 15cm below ground in the root zone. It comes with a low voltage
outdoor enclosure powered by host controller with probe installed up to 300m away. It works with all
Hunter controllers.
Maximum distance, controller to control module: 2m
Maximum distance, control module to sensor probe: 300m
Input power: 24VAC, 100mA max.

Hunter Flow Clik

Hunter Flow Clik is a leak detection device that shuts down systems if an overflow condition occurs. It
comes with a control module and works with most Hunter and non-Hunter controllers.
Flow-Clik interface panel: 90cm leads provided for easy wiring to controller
Current draw: 24 VAC, 0.025A
Maximum distance between interface panel and sensor: 300m
Programmable start up delay: 0 to 300 seconds.
Programmable interrupt period: 0 to 60 minutes.
Pipe Diameter, mm
3

Operating Range, m /hr

Hunter Solar Sync

25

40

50

90

110

0.5-4

1-8

2-12

6-27

8-45

Hunter Solar Sync automatically adjusts irrigation run times based on weather conditions using on-site
solar radiation and air temperature. It comes in 2 models; wireless or with a 7m cable and features;
Quick response technology that triggers rain shut-off., adjustable vent ring to allow for shorter or longer
reset periods and wireless sensor kit for simplified installation.
Switch rating: 24VAC, 3A
Wireless models range: 243m line of sight from sensor to receiver; 433 MHz frequency.

