TED
A
D
UP
Chemical

Application

Description

Cetamine
G818
Packaging:20Kg

Boiler water treatment for scale and
corrosion prevention

A highly effective multi functional all-organic product based on the unique newly
developed combination of film forming and neutralising amines together with dispersion
and removal effect management polymer. Generally the dosage rate ranges from 1555g/m3 of water

Cetamine F365
Packaging: 20Kg

Corrosion Inhibitor for Closed Cooling and
Hot Water Systems containing Aluminium
Installations and Glycol

All-in-one corrosion inhibitor that prevents corrosion and scaling in closed cooling and
hot water systems by formation of a protective Cetamine® film on metal surfaces and
adjusting the pH-value to the optimal range. Cetamine® F365 passivates metallic
surfaces providing exceptional protection throughout the whole system. Dosage rate is
system specific and has to be adjusted until a pH value of 7.0 to 8.5 and a concentration
of CFA of 0.5 to 2.0 g/m³ is established in the system.

Ferrofos
8549
Packaging:20Kg

Corrosion and scale Inhibitor for Open
Cooling Water Systems

A liquid blend of organic and inorganic corrosion inhibitors and stabilizers based on
phosphonic acid, inorganic inhibitors, zinc, and copper inhibitor. It is a multipurpose
cooling water treatment chemical designed to prevent corrosion of steel, copper/copper
alloys, scale deposits, and sludge formation in all types of industrial cooling water
systems. It is recommended for the pH range from 7.2 to 7.8.
Dosage is 45 to 60 mg/l in the recirculating cooling water. However, the dosage also
depends on the operational condition of the system.

Ferrocid
8585
Packaging:20Kg

Biocide for cooling and process water
systems.

Effectively controls micro organism build up of bacteria, fungi and algae in cooling water
systems.
General dosage rates range from 10-100g/m3of water.

Kurita
F-5106
Packaging:20Kg

Biocide for cooling and process water
systems.

Excellent biocide in control and prevention of bacteria, algae and fungi growth in cooling
water systems. It can also be used as alternate biocide for mutation resistance. Effective in
the control of legionella pneumophila bacteria which causes legionnaires disease (
legionellose). Effective in the pH range from 6-9
3
General dosage rates range from 25-100g/m of water.

Corrosion Inhibitor for closed systems.

A blended liquid product based on nitrite, poly carboxylic acid, inorganic corrosion
inhibitor and copper inhibitor. A blended corrosion inhibitor for chiller and hot water
systems containing steel and copper alloys. Korrodex 8577 must not be used together
with oxidising microbiocides. Lower organic biocides are considered safe.
Dosage depends on total hardness and below guide may be applied.
TH 0-300ppm CaCO3 1-10g/L, TH>300ppm CaCO3 5-15g/L

Korrodex
8577
Packaging:20Kg

Vitec® 1141
Packaging:20Kg

Reverse Osmosis Antiscalant Pre-Treatment

An antiscalant with a high dispersing capacity for membrane systems where deposits
caused by high hardness or suspended solids are likely to occur. It prevents the formation
of crystals from water hardness by blocking crystal growth due to its phosphonic acid
combination and the polycarbonic component. Vitec® 1141 can also used for a wide
range of applications concerning pH, hardness, the content of suspended solids, etc.
Beyond the stabilization limit, an amorphous precipitate is obtained which is dispersible
and does not form a hard scale on the membrane surface, so that it can be flushed out
with the brine. Applicable for pH range from 7 to 10.

RoClean 2691
Packaging:20Kg

Reverse Osmosis High pH Membrane
Cleaning

A liquid product for membrane cleaning based on potassium hydroxide, complexing
agents, anionic and non-ionic detergents. Suitable for removal of oil, grease, ester, and
®
inorganic deposits. RoClean 2691 can be used for cleaning alkaline resistant
membranes. The concentration into the cleaning solution and the application
temperature is dependant on the deposits to remove. Attention should be paid to the
permitted pH and temperature values.

RoClean® 2575
Packaging:20Kg

Reverse Osmosis Low pH Membrane
Cleaning

A liquid, acidic membrane cleaner suitable for removing inorganic deposits and scaling
from acid resistant membranes. The concentration and temperature of RoClean® 2575 is
dependant on extent of scaling. Generally concentration is between 5 and 10 g/l and the
treatment temperature should be between 250C to 500C.

Dreem Polymer
3556
Packaging:20Kg

Boiler water treatment for Silica and
hardness scale control and corrosion
prevention

A specially formulated and award winning antiscalant for removal and control of silica,
hardness and scaling in low pressure boilers with upto 4 times more efficient than
conventional polymers. It contains non-volatile components and can be applied in systems
with high purity demands on steam quality. The raw materials for DReem Polymer are food
safe and may be used in the preparation of steam in food production. The dose rate is 10
to 50 g/m3 feedwater.

Oxygen Scavenger for boiler water
conditioning

A boiler product which prevents oxygen corrosion in high pressure boiler systems upto an
operating pressure of 40 bar. It contains non volatile sulfite based raw materials hence, it
can be used in systems with high purity demands on steam quality. The raw materials are
food safe and may be safely used in the preparation of steam in food production. Ferrolix
8358 should be dosed behind the degassing system at a rate of 20 to 25 g/m3 of boiler
feed water for neutralization of 1 mg/m3 oxygen.

Ferrolix 8358
Packaging: 20Kg

