MWTP
Mobile Water
Treatment Plants

With production capacities up to 100,000 lit per day, the Dayliff Mobile Water Treatment Plants are designed to be deployed quickly wherever
temporary or emergency potable water is needed and accommodate a wide variety of feed sources including saline, turbid or highly mineralized
water.
The system is fully enclosed in either standard 20 or 40ft containers or can be trailer mounted and includes raw water pumps, supply pumps,
storage tanks and a diesel generator. Smaller solar powered versions are also available. Dayliff MWTPs are designed to withstand the most
challenging environments with piping systems engineered to survive heavy vibrations and galvanized/powder coated frames to resist corrosion.
Systems are frame mounted with all components conveniently accessible and are designed to provide low energy consumption and long life.
Dayliff MWTPs are available in custom configurations and use a variety of technologies depending on the customer's feed water conditions,
desired application and final product water quality requirements including Multi Media Sand/Activated Carbon Filtration, Ultra Filtration, Reverse
Osmosis, Chlorination and/or Ultraviolet Light Disinfection. All offer the following features:• Diesel Generator or Solar Power with automatic control (optional)
• Raw Water and Feed Pumps with Hoses, 100 Micron Strainer and Foot Valves
• Electronic controller to fully automate plant operation including startup, periodic flush cycle and shut down as well as providing various
system alarms
• System monitoring accessories including inlet and outlet flow meters, pressure gauges and conductivity meter.
• Corrosion resistant/vibration resistant high and low pressure pipes and pipe fittings.
• Weather Proof, strong and rust free enclosures.
Dayliff MWTPS are highly efficient, easy to operate and simple to maintain and offer the ideal solution for remote sites, temporary or emergency
deployments.
OPERATING PARAMETERS
Operating Pressure: Ranges between 12 Bar and 20 Bar depending on raw water quality
Raw Water Quality: Raw Water Turbidity up to 100NTU, TDS level of up to 5,000ppm. A raw water analysis should be provided to establish the
extent of pre-treatment necessary.
Recovery Range: 50% - 75% depending on raw water quality
TYPICAL PLANT FLOW LAYOUT

150 micron
filter
150 micron
filter

PH adjustment
doser

Antiscalant
doser

RO Plant
Backwash
Pump
ROLP Pump

Raw Water
Pump

CIP Pump

Filtrate
Tank

From raw
water source
CIP & CEB
Tank

Treated
Water

Klorman

