Chlorine 65

1, 5, 20 &
45kg

Granular Calcium Hypochlorite (65% available chlorine) is the most common compound for
pool chlorination.

Chlorine 90

5, 20 &
50kg

Granular Trichloroisocyanuric Acid (TCCA) (90% available chlorine) offers higher chlorine
concentrations and the benefit of a water stabilizing carrier.

Standard
Chlorfloat

1.4Kg

A convenient pool chlorine doser that contains dissolvable Chlorine tablets and floats on the
water surface providing constant water chlorination. Supplied in one size for pools up to 70,000
litres, larger pools are dosed with multiple units. Options of TCCA Chlorine 90 or Calcium
Hypochlorite 65 tablets are available.

Chlorfloat Plus

1.8Kgs

Chlorination as for standard unit though provided with a one-off dosage of granular booster
water conditioner in the floater top that is an algaecide and adds extra sparkle to pool water.

pH Minus

5 & 20kg

Liquid form Hydrochloric Acid (HCl) for pH reduction of high pH alkaline water.

Dry Acid

3kg

pH Plus

5,20 & 50kg

Granular form Sodium Bisulphate (NaHSO4) is an acidic salt for use with high pH alkaline water.
It is safer to handle and has similar properties to standard pH Minus.
Granular form Sodium Carbonate (Na2CO3) for pH increase of low pH acidic water.

pH Plus Super

5 & 20kg

Powder form Sodium Bicarbonate (NaHCO3) that raises alkalinity to recommended levels and
provides stability for pH and thus clearing cloudy pools faster

Flocculant

5, 20 &
50kg

Granular Aluminium Sulphate AI2(SO4)3 is used for clearing heavily discoloured water and also
increases filtration efficiency.

Stabilizer

1kg

Stabilizer contains Cyanuric Acid which chemically stabilizes pool water and reduces chlorine
demand.

Sparkle IT

1litre

A water conditioner that clears cloudy water, improves filtration efficiency and adds extra sparkle
to pool water. Available in dissolvable cubes and granule form.

Clear Blu

180g

Dissolvable cubes that brings extra sparkle to pool water and reduces chlorine consumption.

Algicure

5 & 20 litres

For the effective removal of algae growth, especially when established on the pool walls and
floor.

Pool Magic Plus

1,3 & 5kg

Specially formulated liquid form polymer that gives pool water extra sparkle.

Anti Stain

5 & 20 litres

A detergent to remove scum and stains from the pool surfaces.

Pool Booster

1kg

A strong blend of sulphates offering algicidal and clarifying effect on pools which reduces use of
chlorine.

Metal Remover

1 litre

A detergent that eliminates metals including iron and copper from pool water, clears coloured
water except algae and prevents staining of pool shell due to metals.

