Pool Heating
ELECRO HEATERS
W
L
H

High specification in-line heater with corrosion proof BS 316L stainless steel flow tubes and
titanium heating elements for exceptional corrosion resistance. Heaters are fitted with an integral
thermostat, overheating cut out and flow control switch for low flow protection. Elecro compact
heaters are simple to install, need no control panels and are suitable for corrosive pool waters
using salt water chlorination. They feature digital touch screen and comes with BMS integration
capability. Available in 12kW 1ph/3ph and 15kW 3ph with minimum flow of 4m3/hr and
maximum of 17m3/hr.
Working Temperature: 0-450C
Cut-out Temperature: 550C
Connections:1.5”BSP
Dimensions (LxWxH): 592x200x219mm

DAYLIFF POOL HEATING Solar Energy is free and certainly one of the most cost-effective ways to heat a pool with Dayliff
SOLAR PANELS
Pool Solar panels. The Dayliff Solar panels are made of light, chemically inert and UV treated
black polypropylene plastic panels. They are rigid, highly efficient and modular with individual
tubes running lengthwise and work well in windy and colder areas. With efficiencies of upto 80%,
each generates up to 18kWh of heating per day, effective heating being provided by one solar
panel per 10m3 of pool volume.
The Solar panels are supplied complete with swivel unions and a separate hook up kit with
unions, end caps, vacuum release, straps, stop valves and mounting brackets. For up to 12
panels, hook up kit and mounting bracket is adequate. Panels can also be connected to a Solar
controller which comes with temperature sensors and a connection for a booster pump to start
the system automatically when the sun strikes the solar panels in the morning and switches off
when the sun sets in the evening.
Panel Specifications
Size: 3mx1m
Capacity: 13L
Weight: 20kgs (Full)/6.4kgs (Empty)
COVERS

Max Pressure: 2 Bar
Area: 3m2
Flow: 1.8m3/hr

Covers are effective solution to raising pool temperatures as they work by simple principle of
eliminating evaporation and thus heat loss. Covers are made from specifically formulated Ultra
Violet (UV)protected PVC material and the moulded air bubbles provide effective heat insulation.
Covers are manufactured to the specific pool size and are available with rollers for ease of
covering and removal
Standard Specification - Blue 500mic UV protected PVC cover material with a life of
approximately 24 months*
Premium Specification - Black 600mic UV protected PVC cover material with a life of
approximately 36 months*
* Depending on operating conditions, no guarantee given

POOL COVER ROLLERS

The pool are either supplied with aluminuim or stainless steel rollers for ease of application and
storage. Cover rollers are available in 6m widths though with bigger pools, double and triple
rollers are custom made for multiple cover strips to ease application and rolling up. Also
available are telescopic rollers with 3 expandable modules of 2.5m and 3m to make rollers of
maximum lengths of up to 6.3m and 7.8m.

HEATSAVR

The greatest source of heat loss in a swimming pool is evaporation and its minimization can raise
pool temperatures 2-30C, which is simply achieved by placing an impermeable membrane on
the pool surface. Heatsavr offers highly effective solution that creates a 'liquid blanket' on the
water surface. It is a non-toxic, biodegradable and completely safe liquid that is totally invisible
and has no detrimental effect to the water quality. Heatsavr is simply applied using the 'Ecosavr'
dispenser, each one covering approx. 35m of a pool surface area for a month. The liquid is
dispensed by snipping the 'fish' fin and placing it on the pool floor, the liquid being slowly
released over the period.

