Prepaid Water
Metering

TED
A
D
UP

Apartment Management
Administrator(s)
Water Meter Onboarding
& Management,
Operations Report,
Manual Vending Option

Split Type Prepaid Meter

Prepaid Meter with integrated keypad

Automatic Meter Recharge Option
DCU

Web Platform
PAYBILL
Payment by
using Meter No.
as Account No.

Vending
System

Key in
token using
CIU

Token via
SMS/App

Standard Manual
Meter Recharge

Apartment Tenant

Smart Prepaid Meter

Tenant gets Water

Dayliff Prepaid Water Metering System is a comprehensive solution that offers effective water meter management for
apartment owners and water utilities. The high-quality system consists of industry-standard compliant smart prepaid water
meters with integral electronic valve control and a web-based vending platform for water credit token generation. The meter
recharge process is facilitated by 20-digit tokens delivered to water service consumers through SMS or mobile app.
Automated recharge option is possible with installation of Data Concentrator Unit (DCU) that enables wireless
communication between the vending system and the smart prepaid meters.
The system enforces prepayment of water service and provides real-time information on water purchases thereby enabling
defaulter management and promoting water conservation. Also, it offers numerous other benefits to water service providers
including effective non-revenue water management, reduced operational costs, and improved overall service efficiencies
The key features of the product:
• STS compliant water meters with integral electronic valve control and wireless communication modules
• High precision and reliable multi jet dry dial water meters with body made of composite plastic
• Consumer interface unit (CIU) options, including integrated keypad or split type with separate wireless CIU.
• Anti-tamper mechanisms that trigger meter valve closure on magnetic field interference or tampering with seals.
• Replaceable meter battery with a long lifetime of up to 7 years.
• Web-based vending platform for kiosk vending with user rights management and vending reports.
• Integration with mobile money systems for direct payment to water service providers' accounts by consumers.
Performance Data
15 (½")

20 (¾")

25(1")

2.5

4

6.3

Max. Flow (m /hr)

3

5

7

Min. Flow (l/hr)

25

40

63

Size
3

Rated Flow (m /hr)
3

Pressure Rating (Bar):16Bar
Max. Reading (m3): 99999.9999
Accuracy: R100

Pressure Loss at Max. Flow (Bar): 0.6Bar
Max. Operating Temperature: 500C

