Prepaid Power
Metering

Dayliff Prepaid Power Metering System is a comprehensive solution that offers effective power submetering for apartment and
commercial facility owners. The high-quality system consists of industry-standard compliant smart prepaid power meters and a webbased vending platform for power credit token generation. The meter recharge process is facilitated by 20-digit tokens delivered to
power consumers through SMS or mobile app. Automated recharge option is possible with installation of Data Concentrator Unit
(DCU) that enables wireless communication between the vending system and the smart prepaid meters.
The system enforces prepayment of electricity and provides real-time information on power purchases thereby enabling defaulter
management and promoting power conservation. Also, it offers numerous other benefits for facility management including reduced
operational costs and improved overall service efficiencies. The key features of the product:
• STS compliant power meters with integrated keypad, built in relay control and wireless communication as a standard.
Options available include customer interface unit (CIU) and power line communication (PLC).
• Active energy measurement with class 1 accuracy (IEC62053) and detection of significant reverse power.
• Programmable load limit and low credit warning with disconnection on overload and power credit depletion.
• Detection and record of tamper events including opening cover, reverse connection and blackout.
• Replaceable meter battery with a long lifetime of up to 7 years.
• Dual source meter option available with automated switching to diesel generator tariff.
• Web-based vending platform for kiosk vending with user rights management and vending reports.
• Integration with mobile money systems for direct payment to service providers' accounts by consumers.
PERFORMANCE DATA
MODEL

SINGLE PHASE

THREE PHASE

Nominal Voltage (Un)

230V (-30% ~ +20%)

3 x 230/400V (-30% ~ +20%)

Nominal current (In)

5A

10A

Maximum Current (Imax)

80A

100A

Nominal Frequency (Fn)

50/60Hz

50/60Hz

Temperature range: -25°C ~ +70°C
IEC Protection Class: Class II
Voltage Impulse withstand: 8kV, 1.2/50µs

Ingress Protection Rating: IP54
Insulation Level: 4kV, 1min

