Easy Small is a quality controller that automates pump operation replacing the traditional pressure
switch and expansion tank. It works by starting the pump when pressure drops to the preset cut in
level and stops it when demand drops to less than cut out flow rate. Features include:
Dry running protection with automatic restart
• Controlled cycling frequency in the event of system leakage
• LED status indicator to monitor pump operation
• Strong IP65 rated weather sealed housing
• In-line connection with additional tee for pressure tank connection if required
OPERATING CONDITIONS
Voltage: 240V/50Hz
Max. Motor Size:1.5kW
Cut in Pressure: 1.5 Bar
Max. Flow Rate: 12m3/hr(1 Bar Pressure Loss)
Max. Delivery Height: 10m

Max. Current: 12/16A
Max. Water Temperature: 500C
Max. Working Pressure: 10Bar
Cut Out Flow: 2L/min

The Pedrollo Easy Press is an integrated electronic pump controller for the provision of automatic
pressurised water supply and is a more effective alternative to conventional pressure switch/pressure
tank systems. The unit operates by starting the pump when system pressure drops below the pre-set
value and stopping it when demand drops below the cut-out flow rate. Particular features include;Ÿ Led status indicators to monitor pump operation
Ÿ Integral air chamber for even pressure supply
Ÿ Dry running protection with automatic pump restart facility
Ÿ Controlled cycling frequency in the event of system pressure leakage
Ÿ Exceptionally strong IP65 rated moisture proof housing for trouble free long life operation
Ÿ Patented free flow non-return valve providing low system pressure drop and flexible
installation
Easy Press is a state of the art design featuring a number of innovative control features to ensure
consistent water supply and trouble free pump operation. It is the ideal solution for the automatic
control of all small scale pumped water supply systems.
OPERATING CONDITIONS
Voltage: 240V/50Hz
Maximum Water Temperature: 650C
Cut in Pressure: 1.5 Bar
Protection:IP65

Maximum Current: 10A
Maximum Working Pressure: 10Bar
Maximum Flow Rate: 12m3/hr

The Flux pump controller is specifically designed for the automatic control of booster pumps
installed with a positive suction supply, notably for pressuring domestic systems from a roof tanks. it
operates on flow so switches on with demand and switches off when demand ceases. Particular
features are:Ÿ LED status indicator to monitor pump operation
Ÿ Eliminates pump cycling conditions
Ÿ Provides automatic run dry protection and pump reset when water supply returns
Ÿ Strong sealed housing incorporating resin bonded circuit board protected from moisture
damage
Ÿ Can be installed vertically or horizontally.
Flux provides consistent water supply with trouble free pump operation and is the ideal solution for
the control of no-pressurised water supplies where additional pressure boosting is required to
increase system flows.
OPERATING CONDITIONS
Voltage: 240V/50Hz
Maximum Water Temperature: 650C
Cut in Flow Rate: 1litre/min
Protection:IP65

Maximum Current: 10A
Maximum Working Temperature: 10Bar
Maximum Flow Rate: 12m3/hr

