Schematic Layout of the
treatment Process

SITA UV
50 Mic Hydra
Self Cleaning
or
Media Filter

5 Mic
Carbon
Filtration

1 Mic
0.5Mic
Cartridge Cartridge

Dayliff Pure Water treatment plants are specially designed for the production of totally pure water from the majority of natural or municipal sources,
typical applications being bottled water production, institutional, commercial food processing facilities and manufacturing facilities requiring pure
water in the production process. They eliminate most conditions of impurity including sediment, unappetizing taste or odour, and bacteriological
contamination, the treated water output being to the highest consumption standards. Particular features include;
• Five stage treatment that uses no chemicals providing simple operations and consistent pure water output at low operating cost.
• Three sizes available - 500, 1000 and 2000l/h.
• Supplied complete with all components as well as necessary auxillary accessories frame mounted to provide a compact, easy to install unit.
Though the main application is for bottled water production, the plants are also suitable for in-line filtration for a distributed supply and also bespoke
plants can be designed and manufactured to suit specialized treatment requirements. With benefits of simplicity , economy and, most
importantly, effectiveness, Dayliff Pure Water treatment plants are the ideal solution for the production of totally pure water from the majority of semitreated water sources.
APPLICATION
Dayliff Pure Water treatment Plants are designed to purify sweet, low conductivity, soft and neutral raw waters as is typically provided from low turbidity
natural and semi-treated municipal sources. They do not treat for dissolved trace elements, including salinity , or change hardness levels or pH. Prior
analysis of the raw water to assess its suitability to this treatment process is important as there are some conditions for which it will not provide WHO
standard potable water.
THE TREATMENT PROCESS
1st Stage - Filtration : Raw water is passed through a 50 mic self-cleaning filter screen or media filters to remove sludge and large particles.
2nd Stage - Carbon : The process water is passed through a 5 mic Carbon Block filter for the removal of trace chlorine, organic chemicals,
insecticides, pesticides and herbicides as well as unpleasant taste and odours.
3rd and 4th Stage - Micro Filtration: The process water is passed in series through two progressively finer polypropylene yarn element filter
cartridges of 1 and 0.5 micron mesh sizes to remove most suspended solids.
5th Stage Ultra Violet Disinfection: The final step is the treatment process is disinfection using an Ultra Violet sterilizer . Ultra-Violet kills all known
bacteria and provides totally disinfected water.
EQUIPMENT SPECIFICATION
Pre-Filter: Manually operated media filter or self-cleaning Hydra filter with 50 micron pleated plastic net cartridge. The filter incorporates high
efficiency of self-cleaning operation, by means of a counter-current which maximises particle removal from the filter cartridge. The cleaning operation
with back-wash is simply operated by the opening of the discharge valve at the filter base.
Carbon: Carbon Block 5 mic catridge. This is made out of modified moulded block which creates a unique filter media by attaching powdered
activated carbon onto a cellulose-free synthetic fibre matrix.
The result is a single cartridge that combines the benefits of both a sediment filter and a carbon filtration.
UV Unit: Sita UV made out of stainless Steel 304, characterized by compactness and ease in installation/servicing. The UV is supplied with or without a
control unit with LCD display, which indicates working hour of the lamp, lamp faults, the irradiance and the temperature. The UV gives a dose of 300
J/m².
Booster Pump: DAYLIFF DDG 1000 pump close coupled to a 0.8kW electric motor pressure controlled by Brio pump controller to operate on
demand.
Monitoring Equipment: A flow meter and pressure gauge are provided.
Mounting: All components are mounted on a stainless steel frame. All necessary fittings including stainless steel piping, stainless steel valves, electric
wiring and switches are provided from the raw water inlet and no other items are necessary for installation other than a 5Amp single phase power supply.
Filling station is provided as an option.
SYSTEM DATA
PW500
0.5m3/hr
1
1

Model
Flow
Atlas 50 micron pleated hydra cartridge or media lter
10” 1mic wound sediment cartridge
20” 1mic wound sediment cartridge
20” 1mic jumbo sediment cartridge
Carbon block 5 Micron 20''
Carbon block 5 Micron 20'' big blue
Pump
Dimensions (mm)

PW1000
1m3/hr
1

PW2000
2m3/hr
1

1
1
1

L
W
H

1
2
DAYLIFF DDG1000 0.8kW Pump
1120
1120
1120
480
480
480
950
950
950

