Regulating
Chemical Dosers

By-Pass

Chlorine
Doser

pH
Doser

Chlorine
Chemical Tank

pH
Chemical Tank

Waste

ORP
Meter

ORP
Sensor

Water Supply Line
Dosing Point

pH
Meter

pH
Sensor

Dosing Point

Dayliff Regulating Chemical Dosers provide highly effective, simple to operate dosing solutions for maintaining pre-set
concentrations for two parameters, mainly residual chlorine and pH levels in swimming pool, general water treatment and
industrial process water applications. Temperature measurement is also possible.
Doser components include chemical analysers of high measurement accuracy controlling Dayliff Seko DPT proportional feed
positive displacement diaphragm dosage pumps fitted with micro-processor based magnetic solenoid motors that vary dosage by
varying stroke frequency according to the input signals sent from the analysers. These pumps are mounted on the chemical solution
tanks.
Two analyser options are available:Modular Analysers provided with LCD screens for system configuration and operational monitoring that individually measure a
parameter, usually ORP and pH measurement. Electrical input is given from separate in-line sensors mounted on the supply water
line. The analysers are usually integrated with the main system control panel.
Integrated Analyser complete with touch display, integral data logging and flow cell that measures Free Chlorine and pH
parameters from a by-pass flow off the supply water line and gives greater parameter accuracy. Analysers should be mounted
outside the main system control panel due to the water flow presence.
All analysers include the option of remote monitoring and logging to a BMS/SCADA interface or via a Dayliff IOT App.
Complete standalone chemical regulating kits are available to special order with both analyser options supplied complete with DPT
doser pumps and 60L chemical tanks.
Modular
Dosing Pump Inlet/Outlet Hose Connections
Measurement
Range
Dimensions (HxWxD)mm
Weight (kg)

Sensors: 3/4" NPT

pH

0-14

ORP/Free Chlorine
Water Temperature

±1000mV

Integrated
Sampling Stream: 1/4" hose,
Outlet: 1/2"hose
2-14
0-5ppm (default) or 0-20ppm
0-99.90C

340x822x210

710x840x140

7

12

