SMART 2 PRO

The DAYLIFF Smart 2 is a high specification integrated electronic controller available in single and three phase for the automatic operation of two
pump systems. It includes an electronic circuit board that provides the control functionality as well as terminals for incoming power and removable
terminals for pump operating auxiliaries all mounted in an ABS enclosure to give a complete control solution. Features include:• Incoming mains isolator and door interlock.
• Incoming mains current overload protection and individual contactors for each pump (three phase only)
• Adjustable motor overload protection for each pump as well as phase loss and sequence sensing (three phase only).
• Selectable filling and emptying configuration with three external control floats and separate alarm connection.
• Normally open contacts for the connection of low and high level pressure switch control input for each pump and alarm.
• Duty/Standby function can be disabled
• Immediate motor changeover in the event of a fault
• Selectable parallel or duty/standby pump operation with auto cycle changeover and delay relay.
• Multiple system configuration options through dip switch selection
• Selectable auto/manual operation with Run and Auto operation indicator lights.
• Fault indicators for low level and motor overload conditions.
• Dry run protection using minimum current setting with automatic reset
• Additional dry run protection using level probes or float switches
• Optional digital connectivity through modular expansion modules fitted to order for BMS dry contacts, RS485 Modbus, bluetooth/wifi
connectivity for App PRO-XPS.

SMART2

PRO

Smart 2 is a highly effective fully integrated controller that includes all the functionality for pump control and operation in one compact unit. It is
simple, effective and reliable with the added benefit of lower cost than conventional alternatives and is the most complete control system for
sewage and water boosting systems available.

Temperature Alarm Pump 1

DANGER/HATARI
SHOCK HAZARD

2

ISOLATE PANEL BEFORE OPENING COVER

IP55

Temperature Alarm Pump 2

5

DOUBLE PUMP CONTROLLER

Motor Size
Controller Model

Min

Max

SMART 2 - 1Ph/2.2kW

0.37kW

2.2kW

SMART 2 - 3Ph/7.5kW

0.55kW

7.5kW

Enclosure Class: IP55
Relative humidity: 50% @ 400C (condensate free)

Current
Range
2-18Amps

Dimensions (mm)
Height

Width

Depth

310

240

185

Temperature Range: -50C -+400C

Weight
(kg)
1.5
2.5

Power Supply: 220V-240V, ±10% 1Ph
380V-415V, ± 10% 3Ph

