Solar Support
Structures

A well designed solar PV support structure is of paramount importance to the long term durability of any solar installation. Structures
should be strong and secure and for both ground and roof mount systems be able to endure the substantial forces of the panel
weights and high wind speeds.
DAYLIFF solar structures are the ideal solution being strong and light weight as well as very affordable, easy to transport, long lasting
and require minimal maintenance. The structures are modular in design using only two light gauge steel profiles and provide a very
efficient support structure including the PV module support platform, legs and bracing all simply secured with self tapping screws.
They are designed to be mounted in 8" light cement filled pipe sleeves and so are very easy to erect. The system is adaptable to suit
arrays of any size and is suitable for all roof and ground mount applications. Several standard designs are available for the majority
of systems though individual designs are available for special applications. Particular features include:• Fabricated using two high tensile grade G550 galvanised steel profiles with silver matte finish that requires no painting.
They are corrosion proof, of exceptionally high bending strength and very light.
• Simple and quick installation using easy fixing self drilling, self tapping screws that is especially beneficial in remote sites.
• Supplied in modular pre-assembled sections for ease of transport and installation.
• Ground mount systems are suitable for installation heights up to 3m and can be secured in concrete filled sleeves or foot
mounted on flat concrete surfaces.
Ground Mount Support Schematic
2.85

mo

15

Roof Mount Schematic

r 3.4

5m
Solar Modules

0

0.5m0.5m

1m or 3m

0.5m

Ground Level

1.7m

Ground level

0.5m
2.5m

Steel Section Detail
90mm

40mm
8”DWC HDPE
Pipe Sleeve with
extracted soil and
cement mix

Detail A
J hook bolting

75mm
PV Module Spars
and Leg Bracing

40mm
Legs and Main Supports

Maximum 2No. row
of solar panel according
to site conditions

