Wastelift
Sewage Lifting Unit

10
9
8

PUMP HEAD (m)

7
6
5
4
3
2

1. Connecting cable
2. Vent Valve
3. Discharge

4. Tank
5. Toilet Connection
6. Basin Connection

1

0

1

2

3
4
FLOW RATE (m3/hr)

5

6

SYSTEM
Dayliff Wastelift is a unique product designed for the collection and discharge of waste from a WC, washbasin or shower where site
conditions prevent direct connection to a gravity sewage system. This can arise due to the installation being below the sewer level or
remoteness making direct drainage impractical. The unit consists of an ABS plastic collection tank connected directly to the WC outlet
which contains a highly effective cutter pump that macerates toilet waste so it can easily pass through small bore water pipes. The
integral cutter pump is controlled automatically by means of a pneumatically operated level switch. Particular features include;
• Self cleaning design with sloping bottom keeps grinder and tank free from sedimentation
• Built in charcoal filter eliminates odours
• High Torque pump motor with special windings and shaft technology for improved maceration efficiency
• Low noise level, compact and easy to install
• Fitted with circuit board with delay timer function and low voltage protection
The unit is supplied with all installation fittings and is provided with three inlets so is suitable for connection to all bathroom facilities as
well as a 'P-trap type' toilet making installation simple.
PUMP
The integral cutter pump is controlled automatically by means of pneumativally operated level switch. It is provided protection and can
be connected directly to the main power supply through a 10Amps MCB or Fuse.
Voltage: 240V, 50Hz
Insulation Class: F

Operating Current: 3 Amps
Enclosure Class: IP24

Power Consumption: 600W
Speed:2900rpm

OPERATING CONDITIONS
Pumped Liquid: Sewage water containing toilet paper and faeces, though not sanitary articles or wastewater containing fat.
Max Fluid Temperature: +500C
Max. Ambient temperature: +350C
Max. Fluid Volume: 9litres
PH Range: 4-10

