TED
A
D
UP

3no. 2” 1/4plt 12mm O
hole welded onto
the b-tank

200

1000

H

1600

2nd Angle Frame
3mm thick

W
MPV
From
Pumps

Sludge
Bleed

For use
Drain

L

The DAYLIFF ‘WP’ Range of water treatment plants are the ideal solution of hygienic small scale water supplies in isolated areas where
mains water is unavailable. The range has evolved over many years of development and is an extremely effective combination of the
latest technology components with tried and tested production experience.
Treatment provided is the conventional flocculation, sedimentation, chlorination and filtration process which is an effective solution for
the removal of suspended particles and organic pollution found in the majority of surface waters in the region. Provided excessive
inorganic pollution is not present, extremely high quality potable water is available.
Four basic models are available, all with the following features:• High efficiency vertical flow steel plate sediment basin
• Automatic chemical dosage of Floculant & Chlorine
• Options of one or two quality DAYLIFF or similar filter pumps which provide sufficient pressure for delivery to adjacent clear
water tanks. The pumps are fully wired and connected with necessary controls provided.
• Double filtration through two series connected pressure sand filters. When combined with specially graded filter media the
result is especially high quality filtration.
• Fully automatic operation - the quality of water produced is automatically regulated by site demand
• Totally integrated units (skid mounted except for WP 1000 model) for simple site installation. The treatment plants are
complete from the raw water inlet to the clear water outlet so all that is required for installation is a concrete plinth, piping and
electrical connections.
Sedimentation Basin: Rectangular section upward flow basins with conical base, sludge bleed and integral balance tank.
Filters: 2 No series connected DAYLIFF ‘CX ‘ GRP pressure sand filters with simple to use multiport valves and rated upto 3 Bar
operating pressure.
Chemical Dosage: Dosage of Alum and Chlorine is offered as standard with other chemical options being available to suit site
conditions. apumped dosage system is provided using DAYLIFF SEKO chemical dosing pumps drawing from 170L GRP concentrate
tanks.
Pumps: DAYLIFF DB type multistage horizontal centrifugal pumps with integral motors. All models are for 240V single phase power
supply. Alternative equivalent models may be supplied for particular applications. Solar Power Option is available on request.
OPERATING CONDITIONS
Raw Water Quality: Surface waters containing suspended solids and bacteria. The plants are not suitable for treatment of any
dissolved solids including hardness and salinity.
Max. Water Temperature: +400C

DB 4-40

0.96kW

DB 8-30
DB 12-30

1.1kW
1.6kW

